[' In the Committees discussion of current and prospective economic developments, members commented on the resiliency of the economy, which appeared to have strengthened appreciably after a period of subpar growth. The latter had been induced to a large extent by inventory adjustments whose effects were exacerbated temporarily by government shutdowns, unusually severe winter weather, and industrial strikes. The adjustment in inventory investment seemed to be nearing its completion, and some members observed that the settlement of the recent strike in the motor vehicle industry might well impart added impetus to the expansion over the nearer term. Considerable volatility could be expected in the short-run performance of the economy, but the members continued to view trend growth at a pace near the economys potential as the most probable outcome. Many also commented that the risks to such a forecast appeared to have shifted from being predominantly on the downside earlier in the year to better balanced currently. Still, substantial uncertainties attended the economic outlook, and a number of members observed that an economic performance that differed considerably in either direction from their current forecasts might well materialize over the projection period. Regarding the outlook for inflation, members assessments tended to center on expectations of little change in average consumer price inflation over the projection horizon. The review of regional economic developments by the Federal Reserve Bank presidents pointed to moderate expansion in economic activity across much of the nation, though growth was described as modest in a few regions and relatively robust in some others. Business conditions appeared to have improved in a number of areas since early in the year, but as had been true previously, activity in various sectors of the economy remained uneven. Manufacturing of most durable goods other than motor vehicles and some defense industry products displayed considerable strength, while the production of many nondurable goods tended to lag. In agriculture, high feed costs and low market prices were depressing the cattle industry, while elevated grain prices were boosting the incomes of farmers not subject to the effects of locally adverse weather conditions. ']