


Minutes of the Federal Open Market Committee

February 2-3, 1999


                 A meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee was held in the offices of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday, February 2, 1999, at 2:30 p.m. and continued on Wednesday, February 3, 1999, at 9:00 a.m.








Present:





	
Mr. Greenspan, Chairman
Mr. McDonough, Vice Chairman
		Mr. Boehne
		Mr. Ferguson
		Mr. Gramlich
		Mr. Kelley
		Mr. McTeer		
		Mr. Meyer		
		Mr. Moskow
		Ms. Rivlin
		Mr. Stern
	








          Messrs. Broaddus, Guynn, Jordan, and Parry, Alternate Members of                                                     
                                        the Federal Open Market Committee

                                  Ms. Minehan, Messrs. Poole, and Hoenig, Presidents of the Federal                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                        Banks of Boston, St.Louis, and Kansas City respectively
   
          Mr. Kohn, Secretary and Economist
		          Mr. Bernard, Deputy Secretary
		          Ms. Fox, Assistant Secretary
		          Mr. Gillum, Assistant Secretary
		          Mr. Mattingly, General Counsel
		          Mr. Baxter, Deputy General Counsel
		          Mr. Prell, Economist

		          Messrs. Alexander, Cecchetti, Hooper, Hunter, Lang,
                                        Lindsey, Rolnick, Rosenblum, Slifman, and
                                        Stockton, Associate Economists

		          Mr. Fisher, Manager, System Open Market Account

                                  Mr. Ettin, Deputy Director, Division of Research
                                        and Statistics, Board of Governors

		          Mr. Winn,1 Assistant to the Board, Office of Board Members, Board of Governors

                                  Messrs. Madigan and Simpson, Associate Directors, Divisions of                    
                                        Monetary Affairs and Research and Statistics respectively, 
                                        Board of Governors

		          Mr. Reinhart, Deputy Associate Director, Division of Monetary 
                                        Affairs, Board of Governors

		          Mr. Dennis,2 Assistant Director, Division of Reserve Bank 
                                         Operations and Payment Systems, Board of Governors

	                      Messrs. Reifschneider3  and Small,3 Section Chiefs, Divisions of Research and Statistics and Monetary Affairs respectively,                                        Board of Governors
                                 
                                  Ms. Kole,4  Messrs. English4  and Rosine,4   Senior Economists, 
                                         Divisions of International Finance, Monetary Affairs, and  
                                         Research and Statistics respectively, Board of Governors
  
                                  Ms. Garrett, Economist, Division of Monetary Affairs, Board of 
                                          Governors 

                                  Mr. Evans,2   Manager, Division of Reserve Bank Operations and           
                                           Payment Systems, Board of Governors

          Ms. Low, Open Market Secretariat Assistant, Division of  
                                          Monetary Affairs, Board of Governors

                                  Mr. Conrad, First Vice President, Federal Reserve Bank of 
      Chicago         

          Messrs. Beebe, Eisenbeis, Goodfriend, Hakkio, and Rasche, 
                                          Senior Vice Presidents, Federal Reserve Banks of San 
                                          Francisco, Atlanta, Richmond, Kansas City, and St. Louis                 
                                          respectively

                                   Messrs. Altig, Bentley, and Rosengren, Vice Presidents, Federal 
                                          Reserve Banks of Cleveland, New York, and Boston  
                                          respectively







In the agenda for this meeting, it was reported that advices of the election of the following members and alternate members of the Federal Open Market Committee for the period commencing January 1, 1999, and ending December 31, 1999, had been received and that these individuals had executed their oaths of office.

	The elected members and alternate members were as follows:


William J. McDonough, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.5

Edward G. Boehne, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, with 
         J. Alfred Broaddus, Jr., President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, as  
         alternate.

Michael H. Moskow, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, with 
         Jerry L. Jordan, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, as alternate.

Robert D. McTeer, Jr., President of the Federal Reserve Bank of  Dallas, with 
         Jack Guynn, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, as alternate.

Gary H. Stern, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, with 
         Robert T. Parry, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, as 
         alternate.


	  By unanimous vote, the following officers of the Federal Open Market Committee were elected to serve until the election of their successors at the first meeting of the Committee after December 31, 1999, with the understanding that in the event of the discontinuance of their official connection with the Board of Governors or with a Federal Reserve Bank, they would cease to have any official connection with the Federal Open Market Committee:


Alan Greenspan   Chairman
William J. McDonough      Vice Chairman

Donald L. Kohn	 Secretary and Economist
  	Normand R. V. Bernard  Deputy Secretary
	Lynn S. Fox 	      Assistant Secretary
  	Gary P. Gillum Assistant Secretary
	J. Virgil Mattingly, Jr.   General Counsel	
	Thomas C. Baxter, Jr.Deputy General Counsel
	Michael J. Prell Economist
	Karen H. Johnson  Economist
  	Lewis S. Alexander; Stephen G.Cecchetti; 
	Peter Hooper, III; William C. Hunter; 
	 Richard W.	Lang; David E. Lindsey;	 
	 Arthur J. Rolnick; Harvey Rosenblum;  
	Larry Slifman; David J. StocktonAssociate Economists 

Alan Greenspan   Chairman
William J. McDonough      Vice Chairman
Foreign bank
Amount of arrangement(millions of dollarsequivalent)
Bank of Canada 2,000




Footnotes

1  Attended Wednesday's session only.

2  Attended portions of meeting relating to the examination of the System Open Market 
    Account and changes to the domestic securities lending program.

3  Attended portions of meeting relating to the discussion of the Committee's 
    consideration of its monetary and debt ranges for 1999.

4  Attended portion of meeting relating to the Committee's review of the economic    
    outlook and consideration of its monetary and debt ranges for 1999.

5  Mr. Jamie B. Stewart, Jr., incoming First Vice President of the Federal Reserve Bank                             
     of New York, took his oath of office as alternate member for Mr. McDonough on       
     February 18, 1999.







