[" The members devoted considerable attention to the discussion of various factors underlying the outlook for inflation. The consumer and producer price indexes had been less favorable in January and February than in the latter part of 1992. Also, prices of various industrial and construction materials had firmed since the start of the year in apparent response to rising production and, in some industries, to import or environmental restrictions. Anecdotal reports of increasing costs and prices had begun to appear with somewhat greater frequency in some areas, and pressures to widen profit margins reportedly were strong in a number of industries. In their evaluation of recent inflation developments, however, the members generally gave more weight to the behavior of unit labor costs, which indicated that much of the economy's underlying cost structure did not reflect any signs of a pickup in inflationary pressures. Moreover, from a financial perspective, extensions of credit and growth in overall nonfinancial sector debt were not consistent with an economy that was generating significant inflationary pressures, and the recent behavior of long-term debt markets suggested expectations of more subdued inflation. Against this background, the recent upturn in consumer and certain commodity prices might well represent a temporary development such as had occurred previously during the current cyclical upswing. In support of this view, members cited various fundamentals that seemed inconsistent with accelerating inflation, including the considerable slack in the utilization of labor and capital resources, strong competitive conditions in many markets, the absence of significant lengthening in supplier delivery schedules, and an extended period of weak expansion in the broader monetary aggregates that now encompassed some recent deceleration in M1. Nonetheless, the members acknowledged that recent price developments had raised a degree of unease in their minds, and their concerns would rise if the recent pace of price advances were sustained in the months immediately ahead. One member observed that a somewhat faster economic expansion than currently was expected by most members might well serve to intensify inflation pressures. While price developments were notably difficult to predict, most of the members concluded that the evidence at this point did not confirm a resurgence in inflationary pressures, and some commented that further modest disinflation remained a reasonable expectation for the next several quarters. "]