Developments in financial markets during the intermeeting period were again seen as broadly positive; the cumulative improvement in market functioning since the spring was viewed as quite significant. Markets for corporate debt continued to improve, and private credit spreads narrowed further. With the TALF continuing to provide important support, markets for asset-backed securities also showed improvement, and recent issuance had neared levels observed prior to the second half of 2008. Higher equity prices appeared to result not only from generally better-than-expected corporate earnings, which seemed largely to reflect aggressive cost cutting, but also from a reduction in the perceived risk of extremely adverse outcomes and a consequent increase in investors' appetite for riskier assets. However, participants noted that many markets were still strained and that financial risks remain. The improvement in financial markets was due, in part, to support from various government programs, and market functioning might deteriorate as those programs wind down. While financial markets had improved, credit remained tight, with many banks--though fewer than in recent quarters--having reported that they again tightened loan standards and terms. Increases in interest rates and reductions in lines on credit cards were affecting small businesses as well as consumers. All categories of bank lending had continued to decline. Worsening credit quality was still cited by banks as an important reason for the tightening of credit conditions, though anecdotal evidence suggested that the deterioration in the credit quality of consumer loans might be slowing. Nonetheless, several participants noted that banks still faced a sizable risk of additional credit losses and that many small and medium-sized banks were vulnerable to deteriorating performance of commercial real estate loans. Participants again observed that obtaining or renewing financing for commercial real estate properties and projects was extremely difficult amid worsening fundamentals in that sector, though some noted anecdotal evidence that the addition of highly rated commercial MBS to the list of securities that can be pledged as collateral for TALF loans had contributed to an improvement in liquidity in that market.