The information reviewed at this meeting suggests that economic activity expanded at a slow pace in the third quarter. The recent large increase in oil prices has boosted key measures of inflation and eroded real personal income; however, data available thus far provide only limited evidence of a retarding effect on production and aggregate spending. Total nonfarm payroll employment declined in July and August, reflecting layoffs of temporary census workers; employment in the private sector changed little over the two months. The civilian unemployment rate edged up to 5.6 percent in August. Consumer spending appeared to be about unchanged in real terms over July and August but was at a level significantly above the average for the second quarter. Advance indicators of business capital spending point to some softening in investment in coming months. Residential construction weakened further in August. The nominal U.S. merchandise trade deficit increased sharply in July from the low rate in June. Markedly higher oil prices contributed to substantial increases in consumer and producer prices in August; excluding energy and food items, consumer inflation has picked up from the second-quarter rate. Data on labor costs suggest no improvement in underlying trends. In short-term debt markets, Treasury bill rates have fallen somewhat since the Committee meeting on August 21, while rates on private market instruments are little changed. In the bond markets, most rates have edged lower on balance over this period. The trade-weighted foreign exchange value of the dollar in terms of the other G-10 currencies has declined slightly further on balance from the low level reached at the time of the August meeting. M2 and M3 expanded at appreciably faster rates in August; available data for September suggest continued strength in M2 and some slowing in the growth of M3. More rapid expansion of Ml and money market funds has contributed to the greater strength in the broad aggregates over the two months. Through September, expansion of M2 was estimated to be a little below the middle of the Committee's range for the year and growth of M3 in the lower portion of its range. Expansion of total domestic nonfinancial debt appears to have been near the midpoint of its monitoring range.