Economic activity in advanced foreign economies appeared to have grown at a solid rate in the first quarter. Economic growth in Canada rebounded sharply from a disappointing fourth quarter, and growth picked up in the United Kingdom, owing primarily to a robust expansion in the service sector. In the euro area, export growth in the first quarter slowed from its rapid fourth-quarter pace, and the hike in the German value-added tax likely temporarily depressed first-quarter consumption growth Consumer spending showed signs of recovering in recent months, and overall, economic conditions in the euro area remained solid. In Japan, recent data suggested that growth in the second quarter had moderated from the vigorous first-quarter pace, with public spending and net exports likely sources of weakness. Recent data indicated that economic activity in emerging-market economies remained strong. Growth in China and India appeared to have moderated somewhat from the very high rates of the first quarter. In Latin America, indicators for Mexico suggested some recovery from the marked slowdown of the previous few quarters, while growth in Argentina and Brazil appeared to pick up as well. Headline consumer price inflation stepped up in recent months, driven by large increases in the index for energy. However, readings on core inflation had declined. Core PCE prices rose 0.1percent in April and were estimated to have posted a similar, modest increase in May. The recent readings had been held down, in part, by declines in volatile categories such as apparel and tobacco products that were likely to prove transitory; the rent components had also decelerated. The twelve-month change in core PCE prices in May was expected to be lower than the increase over the year-earlier period; however, over that longer period, the decline in core PCE inflation was almost entirely the result of a slowing in its nonmarket component. Household surveys conducted in early June indicated that the median expectation for year-ahead inflation increased further, consistent with the energy-driven acceleration in overall consumer prices in recent months. After edging higher in April and May, median expectations of longer-term inflation fell back in June and remained in the narrow range seen over the past two years. The twelve-month change in average hourly earnings for production or nonsupervisory workers edged lower in recent months. At its May meeting, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) maintained its target for the federal funds rate at 5-1/4 percent. The Committee’s accompanying statement noted that economic growth slowed in the first part of the year and that the adjustment in the housing sector was ongoing. Nevertheless, the economy seemed likely to expand at a moderate pace over coming quarters. Core inflation remained somewhat elevated. Although inflation pressures seemed likely to moderate over time, the high level of resource utilization had the potential to sustain those pressures. The Committee's predominant policy concern remained the risk that inflation would fail to moderate as expected. Future policy adjustments would depend on the evolution of the outlook for both inflation and economic growth, as implied by incoming information.