In preparation for this meeting, the staff reduced its estimate of the increase in real GDP in the first quarter and marked up its forecast of the rebound in economic activity in the second quarter, in large part because of a more substantial swing in inventory investment than previously expected. The revisions, however, left the projection of economic growth over the first half of the year unchanged. As was the case in May, economic activity was expected to increase at a rate a little below that of the economy's long-run potential for the remainder of the year and to rise at a pace broadly in line with potential output growth in 2008. The projected gradual acceleration in economic activity in coming quarters largely reflected the expected waning of the drag from residential investment and improvements in the pace of business fixed investment. Increases in energy and food prices over the intermeeting period led the staff to revise up its forecast for headline PCE inflation during the second quarter, but its projection of core PCE inflation was revised down. Although some of the recent slowing in readings on core PCE inflation was likely due to transitory factors, the staff took some signal from the data and trimmed its forecast for core PCE inflation slightly in coming quarters. Over the next several quarters, total PCE inflation was projected to moderate to a pace close to core PCE inflation. In their discussion of the economic situation and outlook, participants noted that economic activity appeared to have expanded at a moderate pace on balance over the first half of the year. In view of incoming data and anecdotal information, participants continued to anticipate moderate economic growth in coming quarters, with growth rising gradually to a pace close to that of potential output. Participants interpreted the most recent information on business spending, business sentiment, and the labor market as suggesting that the risks to growth were more balanced than at the time of the May meeting, despite the ongoing adjustment in the housing sector and the significant recent increases in longer-term interest rates. Participants generally expected that inflation would probably edge lower over the next two years, reflecting the waning of temporary factors that had boosted prices last year and a slight easing of pressures on resources. Recent data on core consumer prices were encouraging in this regard, but participants were wary of drawing any firm conclusions about future trends from a few monthly readings that could reflect transitory influences and remained concerned about forces that could contribute to inflation pressures. Against this backdrop, participants agreed that the risk that inflation would fail to moderate as expected remained their predominant concern.