Most participants judged labor market conditions to remain rather tight, particularly for the most skilled workers. The continued tautness of labor markets was something of a puzzle in light of below-trend economic growth over recent quarters, and this development seemed to be connected with slower productivity growth lately. In their discussion of this issue, participants noted that employment data for 2006 could ultimately be revised down, resulting in a corresponding upward revision to productivity. Some participants also pointed to evidence of lags in employment adjustments, particularly in the construction industry, as a factor depressing productivity in recent quarters. These observations suggested that the recent decline in productivity growth might prove smaller than now estimated and largely transitory. Still, some decline in the pace of trend productivity growth could not be ruled out--a development that could have implications for business costs and price pressures. Some participants further noted that the level of the unemployment rate consistent with stable inflation could be lower than previously thought--a possibility that would help to explain the absence of outsized wage pressures in the current environment. The incoming data on core consumer prices were viewed as favorable, but were not seen as convincing evidence that the recent moderation of core inflation would be sustained. Participants noted that monthly data on consumer prices are noisy, and recent readings on core inflation seemed to have been depressed by transitory factors. Moreover, a number of forces could sustain inflation pressures, including the generally high level of resource utilization, elevated energy and commodity prices, the decline in the exchange value of the dollar over recent quarters, and slower productivity growth. In addition, while core consumer price inflation had moderated of late, total consumer price inflation had moved substantially higher, boosted by rising energy and food prices. While total inflation was expected to slow toward the pace of core inflation over time, a number of participants noted that recent elevated readings posed some risk of a deterioration in inflation expectations. On this point, several participants cited the uptick in forward measures of inflation compensation over the intermeeting period derived from Treasury inflation-indexed securities. However, a portion of this increase might be attributed to technical factors, and survey measures of long-term inflation expectations had held steady over recent weeks. Nonetheless, several participants emphasized that holding long-run inflation expectations at or below current levels would likely be necessary for core inflation to moderate as expected over coming quarters. In their discussion of monetary policy for the intermeeting period, members generally regarded the risks to economic growth as more balanced than at the time of the May meeting. Although the housing market remained a key source of uncertainty about the outlook, members thought it most likely that the overall economy would expand at a moderate pace over coming quarters. Members generally anticipated that core inflation would remain relatively subdued but concurred that a sustained moderation in inflation had not yet been convincingly demonstrated. In these circumstances, members agreed that maintaining the target federal funds rate at 5-1/4 percent for this meeting was appropriate and that future policy adjustments would depend on the outlook for economic growth and inflation, as implied by incoming information.