[" In the Committee's discussion of policy for the intermeeting period ahead, all but one of the members agreed on the desirability of maintaining a steady policy stance. The overall performance of the economy remained highly satisfactory. While inflation risks were still a concern, given the high level of output and strong domestic demand, the uncertainties bearing on the economic outlook remained substantial, and indeed the risks on the downside seemed to have increased appreciably further. On balance, domestic economic and financial conditions had not changed sufficiently during the inter- meeting period to warrant an adjustment to policy. With regard to the current uncertainties in the economic outlook, members emphasized that the extent and ultimate effects of the apparently spreading fragility in foreign financial markets and economies on U.S. financial and economic conditions were unknown. In these circumstances, nearly all the members believed that a cautious wait-and-see approach to policy seemed appropriate to allow the Committee time to assess the course of events and the interplay of the divergent forces bearing on the performance of the economy. In this regard it was noted that while domestic financial conditions remained generally accommodative, recent developments in foreign exchange and domestic financial markets had tended on balance to decrease some of the stimulative effects of financial conditions on aggregate demand in the United States by shifting demand overseas, increasing somewhat the cost of raising capital, and reducing the financial wealth of households. However, a few members expressed concern about the potentially inflationary implications of relatively rapid growth in key monetary aggregates over the past year, though such growth appeared to have moderated recently. And in the view of one of these members, the trend in monetary growth along with indications of rising speculative imbalances and excesses in various markets for financial and nonfinancial assets called for a prompt firming of monetary policy. "]