[" In the Committee's discussion of current and prospective economic developments, the members were encouraged by the mounting evidence of appreciable momentum in the economic expansion. On the whole, recent developments tended to reinforce their forecasts of continuing growth at a moderate pace over the year ahead, especially in light of the improvement in business and consumer confidence. The impact of some retarding influences on the expansion, notably various balance sheet adjustment activities, appeared to be waning. In addition, while some major sectors of the economy such as defense spending and commercial construction remained weak, the economy was benefitting from considerable growth in consumer spending, from rising business expenditures for producer equipment, and from increasing outlays for housing. In one view, the recent behavior of commodity prices also tended to indicate some strengthening in the economy's expansion. Despite various indications of a more firmly established expansion, however, the members felt that the outlook remained subject to a good deal of uncertainty, and some commented that substantial deviations--in either direction--from their current forecasts could not be ruled out. It was noted in this connection that the specifics of the President's fiscal policy proposals were still unknown, and their reception by the public and the Congress would have a major influence on confidence, interest rates, and the performance of the economy. Other sources of uncertainty related to the outlook for further restructuring activities that involved cutbacks in operations and employment by many firms, and the prospective lending policies of banking institutions. With regard to the outlook for inflation, most of the members believed that some further progress toward stable prices was likely over the year ahead, given an economic outcome about in line with their forecasts of continued, albeit reduced, margins of unutilized or underutilized productive resources. Some members also referred to the extended period of relatively sluggish growth in the broad measures of money as a favorable indicator in the outlook for inflation. "]