[" With regard to the outlook for prices and wages, members observed that some key measures of price inflation had displayed a modest uptilt recently. Though overall price inflation had remained subdued when viewed over a longer horizon, signs of a continuing acceleration, should they become evident, would be a matter of growing concern. Reflecting very tight labor markets, the rate of increase in labor compensation had been on an uptrend, but the rise in unit labor costs and overall unit product costs had been held down to a very modest pace by gains in productivity. At some point, however, the advance in labor compensation would exceed likely improvements in productivity by an increasing margin unless the expansion in overall demand, and hence in labor demand, moderated significantly. Members cited greater, albeit still occasional, indications of heightened worker demands in labor negotiations that likely were encouraged in part by ample job opportunities. Any tendency for faster increases in labor costs to feed through to price inflation was likely to be reinforced for a time by the unwinding of a number of special factors that had tended to hold inflation down, including the decline in energy prices in recent quarters and the dollar's appreciation during 1997. Moreover, a rise in inflation would tend to erode currently favorable inflation expectations and lead workers to demand higher nominal compensation. Nonetheless, questions could be raised about how rapidly and to what extent the effects of tight labor markets would show through to higher labor compensation and overall producer costs and in turn how quickly the latter would induce significantly faster increases in prices. Very competitive domestic and international markets for a wide range of products along with reduced prices of oil, other commodities, and imports more generally could well keep inflation in check for some time. It was noted in this regard that members had tended in recent years to anticipate greater inflation than had materialized. "]