[' In the Committees discussion of current and prospective economic developments, members commented on the stronger-than-expected expansion in overall economic activity in recent months, but for a variety of reasons they anticipated that growth would slow appreciably over the second half of the year to a pace more in line with the growth in the economys potential. Key factors bearing on this outlook included the prospective effects of the rise in interest rates and the dollar that had occurred since earlier in the year and the waning influence of transitory factors that had stimulated economic activity in the second quarter. The members generally agreed, however, that, apart from evidence of some moderation in the growth of business investment expenditures from a very rapid pace, there were few hard indications of a slowing in the expansion and the risks were clearly to the upside of their current forecasts. Against that background, they were concerned that inflation could begin to rise. Cost and price pressures had been surprisingly well contained at high levels of resource utilization, but this unusually favorable performance might not be sustained, and in any event even greater resource utilization, as would occur if growth did not moderate appreciably, carried substantial inflation risk. There were some scattered indications in statistical and anecdotal reports that tended to suggest that wage inflation might be trending higher, although key measures of price inflation, excluding their food and energy components, continued to display a flat or even a declining trend. In keeping with the practice at meetings when the Committee sets its long-run ranges for the money and debt aggregates, the members of the Committee and the Federal Reserve Bank presidents not currently serving as members provided individual projections of the growth in real and nominal GDP, the rate of unemployment, and the rate of inflation for the years 1996 and 1997. (The ranges in this paragraph take into account minor revisions made by a few members subsequent to the meeting.) The forecasts of the rate of expansion in real GDP for 1996 as a whole had a central tendency of 2-1/2 to 2-3/4 percent, reflecting expectations of considerable moderation in the rate of economic growth over the second half of the year; for 1997, the projections centered on continued moderate growth of GDP in a range of 1-3/4 to 2-1/4 percent. With regard to the expansion of nominal GDP, the forecasts were concentrated in growth ranges of 5 to 5-1/2 percent for 1996 and 4-1/4 to 5 percent for 1997. The civilian rate of unemployment associated with these forecasts was expected by most members to remain around 5-1/2 percent this year and to be in a range of 5-1/2 to 5-3/4 percent in 1997. This level of resource utilization was expected to be associated with a slightly higher rate of inflation in 1996, as measured by the consumer price index, than that recorded in 1995 owing to developments in the food and energy sectors, but a decline was anticipated in 1997. Specifically, the projections converged on rates of 3 to 3-1/4 percent in 1996 and 2-3/4 to 3 percent in 1997. The projections for both 1996 and 1997 were based on individual views concerning what would be an appropriate monetary policy over the projection horizon. ']