[' A majority of the members favored retaining the current ranges for this year and extending them on a provisional basis to 1997. They anticipated that growth of M2 and M3 probably would continue at rates close to the upper limit of their respective ranges in both years, given the Committees expectations for the performance of the economy and prices. However, despite a degree of concern about setting ranges that did not more comfortably encompass expected growth, these members preferred not to change the ranges for a variety of reasons. The current ranges for the broad monetary aggregates could be viewed as anchors or benchmarks for money growth that would be associated with approximate price stability and sustained economic growth, assuming behavior of velocity in line with historical experience. Accordingly, a reaffirmation of those ranges would underscore the Committees commitment to a policy of achieving price stability over time; and in the view of some members, higher ranges could raise questions in this regard. Moreover, a change in the ranges might be misinterpreted as a signal of greater reliance on the broad monetary aggregates in the formulation and conduct of monetary policy. In this connection, the members noted that the behavior of M2 in relation to nominal GDP and interest rates had displayed a pattern over the past two years or so that was in line with historical norms prior to the 1990s. However, in light of difficulties in the early 1990s and changes in financial markets, the prospective growth of M2 and its velocity remained subject to considerable uncertainty and the members felt that it would be premature for the Committee to place increased reliance on M2 at this point. A few members preferred somewhat higher growth ranges for M2 and M3 because such ranges would more comfortably surround the Committees expectations for monetary growth. The higher ranges would be more informative for the Congress and the public as to the money growth likely to be associated with the Committees expected economic outcomes for the period covered by the ranges. They believed that the reasons for establishing the higher ranges could readily be explained and understood as appropriate technical adjustments that did not imply any lessened commitment to the Committees price stability goal. For example, such an explanation appeared to have been accepted with little or no comment by the public when the range for M3 was increased in July 1995. ']