The deputy manager followed with a discussion of the outcomes of recent tests of supplementary normalization tools, namely the Term Deposit Facility (TDF) and term and overnight reverse repurchase agreements (term RRPs and ON RRPs, respectively). Regarding the TDF testing, the introduction of an early withdrawal option led to significant increases in the number of participating depository institutions and in take-up relative to earlier operations without this feature. As expected, both participation and take-up in the operations continued to be sensitive to the offering rate and maximum individual award amount. The Open Market Desk successfully conducted the first two of four preannounced term RRP operations extending across the end of the year to help address expected downward pressures on short-term rates. Commentary from market participants suggested that these operations may help alleviate some of the volatility in short-term rates that would otherwise be expected around the year-end. Regarding the ON RRP testing--during which the offered rate was varied between 3 and 10 basis points--increases in offered rates appeared to put some upward pressure on unsecured money market rates, as anticipated, and the offered rate continued to provide a soft floor for secured rates. Changes in the spread between the rate paid on reserves and the ON RRP offered rate did not appear to affect the volume of activity in the federal funds market. While the tests of ON RRPs had been informative, the staff suggested that additional testing could further improve understanding of how this supplementary tool could be used to achieve greater control of the federal funds rate during policy normalization. Accordingly, participants discussed a draft resolution to extend the Desk's authority to conduct the ON RRP exercise for 12 months beyond the expiration of the current authorization on January 30, 2015. It was noted that a one-year extension to what had been a one-year testing program was a practical step and signaled nothing about either the timing of the start of policy normalization or how long an ON RRP facility might be needed.