[" In the Committee's discussion of policy for the intermeeting period ahead, all the members endorsed a proposal to maintain an unchanged policy stance. The economy currently was performing very well and the outlook over the near term was for subdued inflation and continued solid economic growth. Over a longer horizon, the range of possible outcomes was unusually wide, and the direction that policy would need to move to promote sustained expansion and damped inflation was unclear. At this point, the extent to which the still largely anticipated external drag from events in Asia would offset the strong upward momentum in domestic demand was a source of major uncertainty. In addition, it was impossible to predict whether or when the tightness in labor markets would exert a more pronounced effect on labor costs and ultimately on price inflation. Even the thrust of the current stance of monetary policy as it was transmitted through financial markets was open to some question. On the one hand, a real federal funds rate that was on the high side of historical experience and a substantially stronger dollar suggested some restraint. From a different perspective, however, financial conditions seemed to be quite stimulative as evidenced by lower nominal and perhaps real intermediate and long-term interest rates, rising equity prices, ready credit availability, and rapid growth of the broad measures of money and credit. While the members differed to some extent in their forecasts of major trends in the economy and in the risks of alternative outcomes, they agreed that, under foreseeable circumstances, needed adjustments to policy probably could be made on a timely basis once the balance of underlying forces became more evident. Accordingly, a steady policy would not incur an unacceptable risk of a seriously deteriorating economic performance. In the interim, the greater risk would be to make a preemptive policy move on the basis of inadequate evidence regarding underlying economic trends. "]