[' In their assessment of the outlook for inflation, many members focused on the prospects for further growth in output in the context of diminishing margins of unemployed production resources. It was difficult to assess the extent of remaining margins of available resources, in part because of uncertainty about the effects on capacity of ongoing efforts to improve productivity through business restructurings and sharp increases in business investment expenditures. Despite somewhat differing views, the members generally concluded that the economy probably was operating at a level that was quite close to, if not already at, its long-run potential. In the circumstances, many of the members commented that the risks of intensifying inflation clearly were on the upside if the economic expansion did not moderate from its pace in recent quarters. Indications of accelerating cost and price pressures were not yet visible in broad measures of inflation and wages. Those measures, while subject to fluctuations largely associated with swings in food and energy prices, had not displayed any discernible trend over the past several quarters. At the same time, signs of increasing prices and costs at earlier stages of production appeared to be multiplying, including sizable price increases for a wide range of industrial commodities. More generally, members cited a growing number of reports by business firms of rising input costs and of more successful efforts by some firms to raise prices. It also was noted that the decline in the value of the dollar would contribute, directly and indirectly, to some upward pressures on prices. However, business contacts, notably at the retail level, indicated that competition remained intense and made it very difficult to pass on cost increases through higher prices, thereby placing a premium on continued efforts to contain costs through improvements in productivity. From a differing perspective, one member noted that decelerating growth in money measures such as Ml, the monetary base, and reserves--which had been expanding rapidly for several years--implied that monetary policy had been moved substantially to curtail any increase in inflation pressures, though more action might still be required. ']