In their discussion of the economic situation and outlook, participants agreed that the incoming data and information received from business contacts, though mixed, indicated that economic growth had strengthened in the fourth quarter, that firms were reducing payrolls at a less rapid pace, and that downside risks to the outlook for economic growth had diminished a bit further. Participants saw the economic news as broadly in line with the expectations for moderate growth and subdued inflation in 2010 that they held when the Committee met in mid-December; moreover, financial conditions were much the same, on balance, as when the FOMC last met. Accordingly, participants' views about the economic outlook had not changed appreciably. Many noted the evidence that the pace of inventory decumulation slowed quite substantially in the fourth quarter of 2009 as firms increased output to bring production into closer alignment with sales. Participants saw the slower pace of inventory reductions as a welcome indication that, in general, firms no longer had large inventory overhangs. But they observed that business contacts continued to report great reluctance to build inventories, increase payrolls, and expand capacity. Participants expected the economic recovery to continue, but most anticipated that the pickup in output and employment growth would be rather slow relative to past recoveries from deep recessions. A moderate pace of expansion would imply slow improvement in the labor market this year, with unemployment declining only gradually. Most participants again projected that the economy would grow somewhat more rapidly in 2011 and 2012, generating a more pronounced decline in the unemployment rate, as financial conditions and the availability of credit continue to improve. In general, participants saw the upside and downside risks to the outlook for economic growth as roughly balanced. Participants agreed that underlying inflation currently was subdued and was likely to remain so for some time. Some noted the risk that, with output well below potential over the next couple of years, inflation could edge further below the rates they judged most consistent with the Federal Reserve's dual mandate for maximum employment and price stability; others, focusing on risks to inflation expectations and the challenge of removing monetary accommodation in a timely manner, saw inflation risks as tilted toward the upside, especially in the medium term.