In the forecast prepared for this meeting, the staff revised down its estimate of growth in aggregate economic activity in the fourth quarter. Although third-quarter real GDP was revised up sharply, most available indicators of activity in the fourth quarter were more downbeat than had previously been expected. Faster inventory investment contributed importantly to the upward revision to third-quarter real GDP, but part of that upswing was expected to be unwound in the fourth quarter. The available data for domestic final sales also suggested a weaker fourth quarter than had been anticipated. In particular, real personal consumption expenditures had been about unchanged in September and October, and the contraction in single-family construction had intensified. Providing a bit of an offset to these factors, however, was further improvement in the external sector. The staff also marked down its projection for the rise in real GDP over the remainder of the forecast period. Real GDP was anticipated to increase at a rate noticeably below its potential in 2008. Conditions in financial markets had deteriorated over the intermeeting period and were expected to impose more restraint on residential construction as well as consumer and business spending in 2008 than previously expected. In addition, compared with the previous forecast, higher oil prices and lower real income were expected to weigh on the pace of real activity throughout 2008 and 2009. By 2009, however, the staff projected that the drag from those factors would lessen and that an improvement in mortgage credit availability would lead to a gradual recovery in the housing market. Accordingly, economic activity was expected to increase at its potential rate in 2009. The external sector was projected to continue to support domestic economic activity throughout the forecast period. Reflecting upward revisions to previously published data, the forecast for core PCE price inflation for 2007 was a bit higher than in the preceding forecast; core inflation was projected to hold steady during 2008 as the indirect effects of higher energy prices on prices of core consumer goods and services were offset by the slight easing of resource pressures and the expected deceleration in the prices of nonfuel imported goods. The forecast for headline PCE inflation anticipated that retail energy prices would rise sharply in the first quarter of 2008 and that food price inflation would outpace core price inflation in the beginning of the year. As pressures from these sources lessened over the remainder of 2008 and in 2009, both core and headline price inflation were projected to edge down, and headline inflation was expected to moderate to a pace slightly below core inflation.