[" Following the meeting, open market operations were directed initially toward implementing a slight easing in the degree of pressure on reserve positions. The federal funds rate, responding to quarter-end pressures and uncertainties created by shifting funding patterns in volatile financial markets, tended at first to average somewhat above the intended rate of 5-1/4 percent despite a relatively liberal provision of reserves by the System. Strains in financial markets continued to mount, with intermediaries and final investors much more cautious about risks and leverage and much more eager to hold very liquid assets. These developments in turn disrupted flows of funds in a number of financial markets. On October 15, the Committee discussed these developments and their implications for the domestic economy, and the members supported the Chairman's suggestion that, in keeping with the directive issued at the September 29 meeting, he instruct the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to reduce the intended federal funds rate by a further 25 basis points to around 5 percent. On the same day, the Board of Governors approved a reduction in the discount rate from 5 percent to 4-3/4 percent. These actions were taken in the light of growing indications of caution by lenders and unsettled conditions in financial markets more generally that were deemed likely to restrain aggregate demand in the future. Subsequently, trading in the federal funds market remained relatively volatile but the federal funds rate averaged close to its lower intended level. In financial markets more generally, strains gradually moderated after mid-October and sizable issuance of securities resumed in a number of key markets, but uncertainty remained high and relatively illiquid conditions persisted. In the stock market, share prices dropped in the weeks following the September meeting, but the market rallied strongly after mid-October and key market indexes posted sizable gains on balance over the intermeeting period. "]