Outlays for nonresidential construction appeared to have remained robust early in the second quarter. Business spending on equipment and software in recent months appeared to be about unchanged from the first quarter, although the softness was largely confined to outlays for transportation equipment. Shipments and orders for items other than transportation moved up markedly in March and April after weakness in earlier months, and, even with the small declines in May, the data pointed to a healthy rise in outlays in the second quarter. In particular, real spending on equipment other than high-tech and transportation seemed to be rebounding after sizable declines over the previous two quarters. After a surge in outlays on computers in the first quarter, spending on high-tech equipment appeared to be rising at a more modest pace in April and May. In contrast, spending on transportation equipment declined significantly. Purchases of medium and heavy trucks dropped further in May, continuing to reflect the payback from sales that were pulled forward into 2005 and 2006 in anticipation of tighter emissions standards that took effect in January. New orders for trucks picked up in May, albeit from very low levels. Shipments data indicated that spending on aircraft dropped back from the elevated level in the first quarter. The downtrend in the cost of capital was likely curtailed in recent weeks by the rise in corporate bond rates. Nonetheless, firms retained ample cash in reserve to finance investment. Real nonfarm inventory investment excluding motor vehicles slowed appreciably in the first quarter of 2007, as firms in most industries appeared to have made considerable progress in addressing the inventory overhangs that developed in 2006. The adjustment apparently continued into the second quarter, as the ratio of inventories to sales for manufacturing and trade excluding motor vehicles ticked down further in April after a March decline. Inventories of light motor vehicles, which were pared down to more comfortable levels during the first quarter, continued to edge lower through May. Indeed, the inventory adjustment reached the point that, for the third month in a row, the May survey of purchasing managers indicated that, on net, more firms viewed their customers’ inventory levels as too low rather than too high.