Market participants had largely anticipated the FOMC's decision at its May meeting to leave the target federal funds rate unchanged, but some market participants were reportedly surprised by the retention of the assessment that inflation was “somewhat elevated.” The publication of the minutes of the May meeting elicited little market response. Over the intermeeting period, however, investors seemed to reappraise their beliefs that the economic expansion would slow and that monetary policy easing would be forthcoming. This reappraisal seemed to be based in part on the release of some economic data in the United States and abroad that were more favorable than expected. As a result, the expected path of the federal funds rate over the coming year was marked up sharply in financial markets. Yields on nominal Treasury securities at all maturities also rose over the intermeeting period, with the most pronounced gains in forward rates three to five years ahead. Measures of long-horizon inflation compensation based on inflation-indexed Treasury securities edged slightly higher. Yields on investment-grade corporate bonds rose in line with those on comparable-maturity Treasury securities, leaving their spreads little changed. In contrast, spreads on speculative-grade corporate bonds narrowed. Equity prices were volatile at times during the intermeeting period, but broad stock price indexes advanced modestly, on net, as favorable news on the economy and announcements of mergers and acquisitions outweighed the drag of higher bond yields. The foreign exchange value of the dollar against other major currencies was little changed, on balance. Gross bond issuance by nonfinancial businesses surged in May from the already robust pace of earlier in the year. Acquisition-related financing continued to support corporate bond issuance, but a significant share of recent issues was reportedly designated for capital expenditures. Commercial paper outstanding was unchanged in May, but bank lending maintained a strong pace. In the household sector, mortgage debt expanded at a slower pace in the first quarter, reflecting the slowdown in home-price appreciation over the past year and the lower pace of home sales. Interest rates available to prime borrowers on both fixed-rate and variable-rate mortgages increased along with other market interest rates. Consumer credit continued to expand at a moderate pace in the first quarter. After rising at a particularly rapid rate in the first quarter, M2 increased at a more moderate pace in April and May.