Spillovers from the strains in the housing market to consumption spending had apparently been quite limited to date. To be sure, personal consumption expenditures appeared to be rising more slowly in recent months than earlier in the year, but that development was probably, at least in part, a result of the rise in gasoline prices, which was not expected to be extended. Participants generally anticipated moderate gains in consumption spending over coming months, supported by the strong labor market and solid growth in personal income. Still, the advance in spending was expected to fall short of income growth, and the saving rate was anticipated to trend higher over coming quarters from the unusually low levels of recent years. Some participants noted a risk that the saving rate could rise more than currently foreseen, particularly if household wealth were depressed by a further softening in house prices or by a less buoyant equity market that might accompany a potential slowing in the growth of corporate earnings. Several participants noted that higher interest rates and a potential tightening in credit availability might also be factors that could contribute to a rise in the personal saving rate. At the same time, participants recognized that consumption growth had held up to date and saw a risk that the saving rate could fail to rise as much as currently expected, particularly if equity markets continued to register significant gains. A number of participants remarked that the recent data on business spending were more encouraging than those available at the time of the May meeting. In particular, orders and shipments for nondefense capital goods had stepped up, on balance, from March through May, and survey indicators of business conditions had improved of late. Strength in foreign demand for U.S. goods and services was another factor that seemed likely to contribute to the firming of business spending. Participants noted that inventories appeared to be better aligned with sales, boding well for a resumption of inventory accumulation and a pickup in manufacturing activity. At the same time, some recognized the possibility that downside risks to investment spending persisted. Longer-term interest rates and the cost of credit generally had moved higher of late, the growth of business profits seemed to be moderating, and measured productivity growth had been slower. Although credit market conditions seemed to remain generally quite accommodative, in the days just prior to the meeting, the availability of credit to some highly leveraged and other lower-rated borrowers appeared to be tightening a bit and investors seemed to reevaluate the risks associated with investments in complex and illiquid financial instruments. Strength in spending abroad and the decline in the exchange value of the dollar were seen as factors boosting U.S. exports. The rise in global interest rates was cited as evidence of increasing global demand, and some participants pointed to strength of aggregate demand worldwide and its potential effect on the prices of imports and globally traded commodities as contributing to upside risks to U.S. inflation.