[" The staff forecast prepared for this meeting suggested that the growth of economic activity would slow substantially from the very strong pace now indicated for the third quarter. Although this forecast did not differ significantly from that prepared for the November meeting, less growth than expected earlier seemed likely in the current quarter. Over the forecast horizon, however, the economy was still projected to expand at a pace that would keep activity close to the economy's potential. The forecast anticipated that the expansion in consumer spending would slow a bit in response to diminished gains in disposable income associated with less-rapid advances in spending in other sectors of the economy. The rise that had occurred in the value of financial assets held by households would be a positive factor helping to support consumer spending but one that would be offset to a degree by the difficulties of an increasing number of households in servicing their growing debts. The greater affordability of housing stemming from the earlier decline in mortgage rates was projected to help sustain homebuilding activity at a relatively high level. In the context of reduced growth in sales and profits, business investment in new equipment and structures was projected to increase more moderately after several years of rapid advance. Although indications of excess inventories were limited, slower growth in sales and ongoing efforts to reduce inventory costs were projected to lead to smaller increases in stocks over the projection period. Exports were expected to be bolstered to some extent by the projected improvement in the economies of major trading partners. Although a great deal of uncertainty still surrounded the fiscal outlook, the forecast continued to incorporate an appreciable degree of fiscal restraint. Given the projected outlook, rates of utilization of labor and capital resources would remain relatively high, and the underlying trend of price inflation was seen as unlikely to change significantly over the projection period. "]