[" In their discussion of various factors bearing on the outlook for inflation, members noted that some measures of inflation had picked up recently and that many private forecasters anticipated higher inflation in 1995 than in 1994. The worsening of inflation could perhaps be viewed as reflecting increasing capacity constraints in the face of recent growth in overall demand at a pace above the economy's long-run potential. From this perspective, the future path of inflation would depend importantly on the extent to which the expansion in overall activity would in fact abate from an unsustainable pace. Some members expressed particular concern that if above-trend growth did not moderate soon, existing inflationary pressures and inflationary expectations would quickly become more pronounced and inflation would gather momentum. Thus far, however, price pressures remained concentrated in the early stages of production. As evidenced by broad measures of prices and anecdotal information obtained from numerous business contacts, the pass-through of the higher costs of materials to the prices of final goods had been muted in what business executives continued to describe as highly competitive markets. The ability of business firms to hold down price increases in turn reflected to a marked degree their successful efforts to control unit costs through ongoing gains in productivity. Moreover, with profit margins currently at high levels, business firms facing competitive market conditions had some leeway to absorb rising costs. Increasingly tight labor markets in many parts of the country had not resulted in higher overall wage inflation, but members reported some upward pressure on the wages of certain categories of workers in strong demand. One member expressed the view that continued moderation in price and wage increases also might reflect in some measure a shift in price and wage-setting behavior attributable to the credibility of the Committee's anti-inflationary stance in recent years. A number of members commented that the sluggish to moderate growth of a wide variety of money and credit measures provided some assurance that, to date, monetary policy had not laid the basis for a sustained upturn in inflation. Nonetheless, the members concluded that the potential for additional inflation remained substantial and, from a monetary policy standpoint, rendered especially urgent the ongoing assessment of inflation trends. "]