[" In the Committee's discussion of monetary policy for the period until the next scheduled meeting in early February, a majority of the members endorsed a proposal to maintain unchanged conditions in reserve markets and to retain the currently unbiased instruction in the directive concerning possible intermeeting adjustments to policy. Looking forward, many of the members commented that the Committee probably would have to firm reserve conditions at some point to adjust monetary policy from its currently quite accommodative stance to a more neutral position, and that such a policy move might have to be made sooner rather than later to contain inflation and continue to provide a sound basis for sustained economic expansion. Monetary conditions had been eased to their current degree of accommodation in the 1990-1992 period in the context of balance-sheet restructuring and other unusual forces that were holding down spending. Since the latter part of 1992, however, downside risks to the expansion had diminished considerably as financial conditions became more supportive of economic activity. Borrowers and lenders had strengthened their financial positions substantially and were less reluctant to use and extend credit. Moreover, the low level of real short-term interest rates and in the view of some members the continued rapid growth of reserves or increases in a variety of commodity prices provided evidence of a quite accommodative monetary policy. Overstaying such a policy would incur an increasing risk of fostering greater inflationary pressures that in turn would undermine the sustainablity of the expansion. For now, however, a majority believed that the risks remained at an acceptable level, given the remaining slack in the economy and the lack of near-term inflation pressures. Waiting for further developments before making any policy move was warranted in light of the uncertainties surrounding the outlook, notably with regard to the extent of the moderation in economic growth expected early next year. If the economy settled into a pattern of growth about in line with its potential, the chances of greater inflation pressures down the road would be reduced and the need for a near-term policy adjustment would be less pressing, though it would still be required at some point. "]