[' Members observed that the stronger-than-expected performance of the economy thus far this year reflected relatively rapid growth in final demand. Favorable financial conditions, notably the relatively low interest rates of the latter part of 1995 and early 1996 and increases in wealth stemming from sizable advances in stock market prices, evidently were undergirding the expansion. Indications of improving or continuing high levels of economic activity were widespread across the nation according to recent anecdotal reports and regional data, though agricultural conditions in many areas were cited as a significant exception. While the economy appeared to have solid and balanced momentum that pointed to sustained growth, a number of factors were seen as likely to foster more moderate expansion beginning in the second half of the year. These included the effects of higher intermediate- and long-term interest rates on interest- sensitive sectors of the economy such as housing, consumer durables, and business fixed investment. The appreciation of the dollar over the past year and near-term moderation in federal government spending also were expected to exert some restraint on economic activity over the forecast horizon. Some members also questioned the sustainability of the performance of the stock market; a correction in this market would help to restrain aggregate demand. Nonetheless, the continued strength in economic activity raised questions about whether these developments would damp demand sufficiently to keep resource utilization at sustainable levels. In their review of recent developments and the outlook for key sectors of the economy, members noted that consumer spending had strengthened considerably this year after a period of sluggish growth in late 1995. The recent data on consumer spending were reinforced by anecdotal reports from various parts of the country. The wealth effects from the further gains that had occurred in stock market prices, along with sustained increases in employment and a ready availability of consumer financing, were seen as playing a positive role in boosting consumer expenditures. Barring changes in these underlying factors, continued growth in consumer spending seemed likely, although members referred to developments that could begin to slow such growth over the months ahead. The latter included the satisfaction of much of the earlier pent-up demand for consumer durables and fairly elevated levels of consumer debt. On balance, moderate expansion in consumer expenditures, perhaps in line with the growth in incomes, seemed likely over the projection period. ']