[" In the Committee's discussion of policy for the period ahead, most of the members agreed on the desirability of maintaining a steady policy course, at least for the near term. In light of the appreciable tightening of policy approved in August, the members had anticipated that no further policy change was likely to be required for a period, and at this juncture they generally continued to feel that the recent evidence did not warrant an immediate further tightening. Even so, the ongoing inflow of information on the performance of the economy continued to indicate a significant potential for higher inflation down the road, and for many members this suggested that additional monetary restraint could well be needed at some time. A key uncertainty in this regard related to the restraining effects of the policy moves implemented earlier this year; these actions appeared to have exerted less restraint to date than had been anticipated, but appreciable lagged effects from those actions--indeed, perhaps a large part of those effects--could still be expected. At this time, it was extremely difficult to evaluate whether the earlier tightening moves were exerting a lesser effect than usual or it simply was more delayed, or whether the members might have misjudged the underlying strength of the expansion. In the view of many members, the information that would become available during the intermeeting period should provide a firmer basis for judging the course of the economy and the risks of greater inflation. Should incoming information point to a greater likelihood that price pressures would intensify, the Committee would need to act promptly and forcefully to avert an upward ratcheting of inflationary expectations and actual inflation that would be difficult to reverse. Consequently, while views differed with regard to the likely need for some policy tightening over the weeks immediately ahead, the members generally supported a shift from the symmetry in the August directive to asymmetry toward restraint. Some members indicated that they could accept an asymmetric directive, but they expressed misgivings about the use of such an instruction in the directive because they felt it was subject to misunderstanding in financial markets and could add to uncertainty about Committee intentions. One member favored an immediate move to somewhat greater reserve restraint because the available evidence in his view already suggested an upturn in inflationary expectations and the prospect of a significant rise in inflation. "]