[' In their review of the outlook for spending in key sectors of the domestic economy, members saw little reason to anticipate substantial slowing in the growth of consumer or business expenditures in coming quarters, and they also expected housing activity to be maintained at a relatively high level. The recent further increases in equity prices from already high levels played an important role in the assessments of several members. The stock markets rise was viewed as somewhat puzzling, given indications of some slowing in the growth of profits and the potential for earnings disappointments as the expansion in spending moderated and profit margins narrowed in the context of more rapid labor cost increases. So long as a high degree of optimism in the stock market persisted, however, the elevated level of financial wealth and the low cost of capital should continue to boost spending. Consumer expenditures, especially for durable goods, had risen sharply thus far this year, and the factors that had fueled that expansion were still unusually positive. They included large increases in employment and personal incomes, the continuing uptrend in financial wealth relative to disposable income, and, in these circumstances, the persistence of a very high level of consumer confidence. Attractive financing conditions and favorable business confidence also were expected to support substantial further growth in business investment, especially in "high-tech" equipment that was characterized by rapid product improvement and falling prices. Investment in nonresidential structures, notably in office and other commercial markets, seemed likely to strengthen somewhat in response to reduced vacancy rates and sizable increases in rents in many areas; indeed, several members again reported indications of speculative nonresidential construction in some parts of the country. Residential construction was expected to be maintained at a high level, though single-family starts might soften over the next few months after a surge that appeared to have been related to relatively favorable weather conditions during the winter. With mortgage rates at their recent reduced levels and incomes continuing to rise, the cash flow affordability of home ownership was exceptionally favorable. ']