A number of members commented on financial developments that appeared to be holding back the pace of the expansion. While prices in equity markets had turned up from their recent lows, the cumulative losses in financial wealth incurred since early 2000 clearly were having an adverse impact on expenditures by households and the higher cost of equity capital was inhibiting business investment. The declines in equity prices had been accompanied by a heightened degree of risk aversion that had led to widened credit spreads in financial markets and the curtailment of credit availability to potential borrowers whose repayment prospects were viewed as questionable. To an extent that was difficult to determine, the current skittishness in debt and equity markets reflected lender and investor reactions to the ongoing revelations of corporate governance failures. Those reactions, which were proving to be more severe and probably would be longer-lasting than many had anticipated, appeared to be contributing to more cautious business spending and hiring, at least temporarily. It was unclear when the associated uncertainties would diminish and confidence would begin to rebuild, though the outlook might come into better focus after the mid-August SEC deadline for the certification of financial statements by corporate executives. On the positive side, home mortgage financing remained widely available at low interest rates and was providing important support to household spending. More generally, interest costs had declined for borrowers with acceptable credit ratings, and the overall condition of the banking system remained sound with bank credit widely available. Moreover, for many households, the negative wealth effects stemming from losses on equities were offset, at least to some extent, by continuing increases in home equity values. These ongoing factors suggested to some members that the effects of the financial restraints on economic activity might be fairly limited at this point.