At its meeting on December 19, 2000, the Committee had contemplated the possibility that ongoing economic and financial developments might warrant a reassessment of the stance of monetary policy prior to the next scheduled meeting in late January. Information that had become available since the December meeting tended to confirm that the economic expansion had continued to weaken. The manufacturing sector was especially soft, reflecting apparent efforts in a number of industries to readjust inventories that were now deemed to be too high, notably those related to motor vehicles. Retail sales were appreciably below business expectations for the holiday season despite some pickup in the latter half of December, apparently largely induced by price discounting, and sales of motor vehicles evidenced significant further weakness as the month progressed. Business confidence appeared to have deteriorated further since the December meeting amid widespread reports of reductions in planned production and capital spending. Elevated energy costs were continuing to drain consumer purchasing power and were adding to the costs of many business firms, with adverse effects on profits and stock market valuations. Interacting with these developments were forecasts of further declines in business profits over coming quarters. On the more positive side, housing activity appeared to be responding to lower mortgage interest rates, and on the whole nonresidential construction activity seemed to be reasonably well maintained. Moreover, while the expansion had weakened and economic activity might remain soft in the near term, the longer-term outlook for reasonably sustained economic expansion, supported by easier financial conditions and the response of investment and consumption to rising productivity and living standards, was still quite good. Inflation expectations appeared to be declining, with businesses continuing to encounter marked and even increased resistance to their efforts to raise prices. On balance, the information already in hand indicated that the expansion clearly was weakening and by more than had been anticipated. In the circumstances, prompt and forceful policy action sooner and larger than expected by financial markets seemed called for.