In the Committee's discussion of policy for the intermeeting period ahead, all the members indicated that they could support an unchanged policy stance, consistent with a federal funds rate averaging about 6-1/2 percent. However, they also endorsed a proposal calling for a shift in the balance of risks statement to be issued after this meeting to express the view that most members believed the risks were now weighted toward conditions that could generate economic weakness in the foreseeable future. In their evaluation of the appropriate policy for these changing circumstances, the members agreed that the critical issue was whether the expansion would stabilize near its recent growth rate or was continuing to slow. In the view of almost all the members, the currently available information bearing on this issue was not sufficient to warrant an easing at this point. Much of the usual aggregative data on spending and employment, although to be sure available only with a lag, continued to suggest moderate economic expansion. The information pointing to further weakness was very recent and to an important extent anecdotal. As a consequence, most of the members were persuaded that a prudent policy course would be to await further confirmation of a weakening expansion before easing, particularly in light of the high level of resource utilization and the experience of recent years when several lulls in the growth of the economy had been followed by a resumption of very robust economic expansion. Additional evidence of slowing economic growth might well materialize in the weeks immediately ahead--from the regular aggregated monthly data releases, but also from weekly readings on the labor market and reports from businesses on the strength of sales and production--and the members agreed that the Committee should be prepared to respond promptly to indications of further weakness in the economy. Those few members who expressed a preference for easing at this meeting believed that, with unit labor costs and inflation expectations contained, enough evidence of further weakness already existed to warrant an immediate action. Nonetheless, they could accept a delay in light of prevailing uncertainties about the prospective performance of the economy and the intention of the Committee to act promptly in coming weeks, including the possibility of an easing move early in the intermeeting period, should confirming information on weakening trends in the economy emerge.