In the Committee's discussion of current and prospective economic developments, members commented that for an extended period most forecasters had been projecting slower economic growth and higher inflation than actually had materialized. With regard to output, current indicators provided little evidence of any moderation in the pace of the expansion from the robust growth experienced on average over the last few years. Even so, most members viewed a slowing to a rate closer to most estimates of the growth of the economy's potential as a reasonable expectation. They agreed, however, that the timing and extent of such moderation were subject to a wide range of uncertainty. Factors expected to foster slower growth in key demand sectors of the economy included the buildup of large stocks of business equipment, housing units, and durable goods by households and an assumption that the stock market would play a more neutral role than in recent years. The effects of domestic demand on domestic production would continue to be damped by further increases in the trade deficit, though the offset from this source might well diminish if financial markets and economies in key developing nations were to exhibit more signs of stabilization or improvement. Given the persistence of robust growth in domestic demand and the continuing forward momentum in U.S. economic activity, many of the members commented that the risks to their forecasts were tilted toward the eventual emergence of somewhat greater inflation pressures. Despite the persistence of very tight labor markets across the nation, however, there currently were only scattered indications of more rapid increases in wages and no evidence of rising price inflation. The reasons underlying this remarkable economic performance were potentially transitory but also possibly of a longer-term nature. Lower oil and other input prices had played a role. However, it also seemed likely that accelerating productivity helped to account for the economy's ability to sustain not only higher rates of growth of output but also relatively low levels of unemployment, at least for a time, without generating higher inflation.