In the Committee's discussion of policy for the intermeeting period ahead, all the members indicated that they favored an unchanged policy stance. Several commented that they saw no significant changes in the tenor of recent statistical and anecdotal reports that would constitute the basis for an adjustment to policy or a greater presumption that policy might need to be changed soon. Many referred in particular to the absence of any warning signs of accelerating inflation over the near term as a major consideration in support of a steady policy at this time. In the view of some, however, the next policy action was more likely to be a firming than an easing. They saw a greater likelihood that tight--and perhaps tightening--labor markets would add to price pressures than that demand would falter or that inflation would decrease further. Yet they recognized that such forecasts were subject to a substantial degree of uncertainty. This argued for a cautious approach to any policy change, especially in light of an economic performance that had not conformed to historical patterns in recent years. While a number of members noted that a case might be made for unwinding part of the Committee's easing actions during the fall of last year, given the recovery in financial markets and the improvement in the economic outlook since then, they argued that the incoming data and prospects for sustained favorable economic performance did not support such an action. The members concluded that the Committee was in a position to wait for developments to unfold, especially given the absence of any evidence of an impending acceleration of underlying inflation. If the risks of higher inflation intensified, it would still have time to take action to head off price pressures in order to foster sustained economic growth and a high level of employment. Many of the members emphasized, however, that in such circumstances the Committee might need to act promptly to forestall a buildup of inflationary forces that could destabilize the expansion.