In the Committee's discussion of monetary policy for the intermeeting period, members judged that the softening in the outlook for economic growth warranted an easing of the stance of policy at this meeting. In view of the further tightening of credit and deterioration of financial market conditions, the stance of monetary policy now appeared to be somewhat restrictive. Moreover, the downside risks to the expansion, resulting particularly from the weakening of the housing sector and the deterioration in credit market conditions, had risen. In these circumstances, policy easing would help foster maximum sustainable growth and provide some additional insurance against risks. At the same time, members noted that policy had already been eased by 75 basis points and that the effects of those actions on the real economy would be evident only with a lag. And some data, including readings on the labor market, suggested that the economy retained forward momentum. Members generally saw overall inflation as likely to be lower next year, and core inflation as likely to be stable, even if policy were eased somewhat at this meeting; but they judged that some inflation pressures and risks remained, including pressures from elevated commodity and energy prices and the possibility of upward drift in the public's expectations of inflation. Weighing these considerations, nearly all members judged that a 25 basis point reduction in the Committee's target for the federal funds rate would be appropriate at this meeting. Although members agreed that the stance of policy should be eased, they also recognized that the situation was quite fluid and the economic outlook unusually uncertain. Financial stresses could increase further, intensifying the contraction in housing markets and restraining other forms of spending. Some members noted the risk of an unfavorable feedback loop in which credit market conditions restrained economic growth further, leading to additional tightening of credit; such an adverse development could require a substantial further easing of policy. Members also recognized that financial market conditions might improve more rapidly than members expected, in which case a reversal of some of the rate cuts might become appropriate.