[" Despite perceptions of a greater risk of rising inflation over time, all but one of the members indicated in the Committee's policy discussion that they preferred or could accept a proposal to maintain an unchanged policy stance that also included a shift from the current symmetrical directive to an asymmetrical directive tilted toward restraint. The members agreed that should the strength of the economic expansion and the firming of labor markets persist, policy tightening likely would be needed at some point to head off imbalances that over time would undermine the expansion in economic activity. Most saw little urgency to tighten policy at this meeting, however. The economy might well continue to accommodate relatively robust economic growth and a high level of resource use for an extended period without a rise in inflation. Some members noted that price increases would be held down for a while by the effects of the higher dollar, which had not worked their way fully through domestic prices. Moreover, inflation continued to fall by some measures and inflation expectations still seemed to be adjusting downward toward actual inflation; further declines in these expectations would restrain increases in compensation and prices. Members also noted that the ultimate extent of retarding effects from the financial turmoil in Asia was still uncertain, and several cited the possibility of a downward adjustment in the stock market, perhaps in response to disappointing growth in business profits, that could have an adverse impact on business and consumer confidence. In these circumstances, a preemptive policy move to head off rising inflation could prove premature or perhaps even unwarranted; indeed, in the view of some, a tightening move was not inevitable. Moreover, because a policy action was not currently anticipated, some commented that a tightening could produce an outsized and undesirable response in financial markets. On balance, in light of the uncertainties in the outlook and given that a variety of special factors would continue to contain inflation for a time, the Committee could await further developments bearing on the strength of inflationary pressures without incurring a significant risk that disruptive policy actions would be needed later in response to an upturn in inflation and inflation expectations. "]