[' With regard to the outlook for inflation, most of the members anticipated that the trend toward lower price and wage inflation would be sustained over the year ahead, and one member observed that the disinflationary momentum in the economy might well be underestimated. Favorable developments relating to the outlook for inflation included evidence of slowing increases in labor costs and continued aggressive efforts by many business firms to improve productivity and reduce costs in the face of intense competition from domestic and foreign producers. Indeed, anecdotal reports from around the country continued to suggest little or no upward pressure on prices in many regions. In addition, the behavior of interest rates in longer-term debt markets was consistent with spreading expectations of gradually diminishing inflation. Some members believed, however, that little or no further progress in reducing inflation was a more likely outcome in the year ahead, though none anticipated higher inflation. Some commodity price indexes had edged higher recently, apparently in response to growing demands related to strengthening activity in several sectors of the economy. Lumber prices in particular had risen considerably in conjunction with the uptrend in single-family housing construction and various constraints on lumber supplies. Some business contacts reported for the first time in a long while that they were experiencing or anticipated some upward pressure on their raw materials prices. Further, while most business contacts saw or anticipated little or no upward pressure on prices in their own industries, many continued to expect rising inflation more generally. The still relatively steep slope of the yield curve and its implications with regard to expectations of future increases in interest rates also suggested that investors remained concerned about the possibility of higher inflation over the longer run, even though such concerns might have abated somewhat recently and did not appear to extend to the next year or two. In general, however, the members viewed the inflation outlook with considerable optimism on the presumption of favorable fiscal and monetary policy developments. ']