should the target federal funds rate be reduced to a point where there was little or no latitude for additional easing through this conventional policy instrument. The members agreed that current economic conditions and the prevailing stances of monetary and fiscal policy made the need to use unusual monetary policy tools a quite remote possibility. Even so, they believed it was useful to discuss that possibility because of the implications for financial markets and institutions and for the conduct of monetary policy of reducing short-term interest rates to very low levels. An environment involving such interest rates could have adverse repercussions on the functioning of some sectors of the money market, but the members agreed that the potential extent of such disruptions would not be sufficient to prevent the Committee from taking advantage of the full scope of conventional easing of the federal funds rate, should that become necessary. Beyond that, a variety of nonconventional measures for further easing was available. In this regard, the members discussed the advantages and disadvantages of various approaches that, possibly employed in some combination, would alter the size and composition of the System's balance sheet. They also considered aspects of the Committee's communications as a means of underscoring to the public its willingness to follow a sufficiently accommodative path of monetary policy for as long as necessary to foster improved economic performance. The members did not see the need at this time to reach a consensus on the desirability of any specific nontraditional approach to the implementation of monetary policy, particularly given the low probability of its near-term use. As experience had shown, at times of economic and financial market stress the specific policy tools used would depend on circumstances. For now, however, they believed that arriving at an understanding of the various options that might be employed prepared them to respond more flexibly and effectively to unanticipated developments. While considerable uncertainty surrounded each individual policy option, the members agreed that the effectiveness of these alternative tools, along with the 125 basis points of conventional easing still available, would allow monetary policy to combat economic weakness and forestall any unexpected tendency for a pernicious deflation to develop.