[" In the Committee's discussion of policy for the intermeeting period ahead, the members generally agreed that despite various indications of a pickup in economic growth, the underlying economic situation and the outlook for inflation had not changed sufficiently to warrant an adjustment in monetary policy. Looking beyond the intermeeting period, however, several members commented that the Committee might well have to consider the need to move from the currently stimulative stance of monetary policy toward a more neutral policy posture, should concerns about rising inflationary pressures begin to be realized. The members recognized the desirability of taking early action to arrest incipient inflationary pressures before they gathered strength, especially given the Committee's commitment not just to resist greater inflation but to foster sustained progress toward price stability. In appropriate circumstances, a prompt policy move also might allay market concerns about inflation with favorable implications for longer-term interest rates and the performance of interest-sensitive sectors of the economy. The members acknowledged that current measures of inflation and anecdotal reports from around the nation did not on the whole suggest an intensification of inflation at this point. Moreover, the Committee had to be wary of misleading signals that were inherent in the saw-tooth pattern of typical economic expansions, and it needed to avoid a policy move that would incur an unnecessary risk to the expansion, given uncertainties about the degree to which recent strength in spending would persist. Most of the members concluded that on balance current economic conditions warranted a steady policy course and, in light of prevailing uncertainties, that it would be premature to anticipate any particular policy change or its timing. As a consequence, the members also concluded that the currently unbiased instruction in the directive relating to the direction of possible intermeeting policy changes should be retained; in any case, significant-changes in the outlook requiring policy action were viewed as unlikely in the relatively short period until the next scheduled meeting on December 21. One member expressed the differing view that a less accommodative policy would be more consistent over time with the Committee's desire to foster sustained economic expansion and progress toward price stability. However, this member also felt that a policy tightening move at this time might be seen as a response to a stronger economy, rather than an action that clearly was intended to underscore the Committee's commitment to price stability and therefore would elicit a favorable response in intermediate and long-term debt markets. "]