[' The members anticipated that inflation would remain contained in 1996, but they did not expect significant progress toward more stable prices. They referred to crosscurrents bearing on the outlook for wages and prices in the year ahead. Factors pointing to potentially higher inflation included increased pressures on food prices stemming from disappointing harvests in some areas and relatively low grain supplies. More generally, resource utilization was expected to remain high and greater pressures could emerge in labor and product markets. Members noted that one broad measure of wages had picked up and that there was a small rise in the number of anecdotal reports indicating that labor shortages were contributing to higher wages in some parts of the country. In addition, unusually muted increases in the costs of worker benefits had been holding down overall compensation costs, and this pattern might not persist. On the other hand, high levels of resource utilization had been associated for some time with lower rates of growth in costs than would have been anticipated on the basis of historical experience. In particular, a general sense of job insecurity in a period of major business restructurings was holding down increases in labor compensation. In an environment of strong competition, which was preventing many businesses from passing on rising costs through higher prices, firms continued to focus on efforts to control costs by improving the efficiency of their operations, and this was helping to hold down inflation. An apparent decline in inflationary expectations also would provide a moderating influence on inflation trends in the period ahead. While most of the members saw little reason to anticipate appreciably lower inflation over the year ahead, they also viewed the odds on a pickup in inflation as fairly low; they could see possible reasons for optimism on the long-run trend in inflation; and they generally remained confident that further progress toward price stability would be made over the longer term. ']