[" In the course of the Committee's discussion, the members gave considerable attention to recent financial developments and their implications for the economic outlook. Financial markets clearly had calmed markedly since the System's easing actions in mid-October, though they were still atypically volatile. Risk spreads had narrowed substantially and other measures of financial market performance also suggested that risk aversion and the related desire for liquidity had diminished appreciably. Markets for new issues had reopened for many borrowers, and stock market prices had posted large gains. Nonetheless, strains and weaknesses in financial markets had not disappeared--many risk spreads were still at unusually high levels-- and the markets remained quite sensitive to unanticipated developments. Members also noted that the improvement in debt markets appeared to have come to a halt most recently and indeed that renewed strains had emerged in some short-term debt markets, though the latter probably were related in large measure to concerns about year-end pressures in the money markets. Indeed, efforts by lenders and borrowers to position for year-end financial statements were likely to contribute considerably to keeping market conditions unsettled over coming weeks. Lending activity at banks had increased sharply in recent months as many borrowers found other sources of funds less receptive or unavailable and turned to backup lines for credit, but banks also had tightened their credit terms and standards for most new loans and lines of credit. As a result, financing generally had become less available and more expensive for higher-risk business borrowers. In light of these developments, members believed that the continuing fragility of financial markets and the increased scrutiny of the credit quality of borrowers, though the latter was in some respects a welcome development, posed a considerable downside risk to the expansion. The very recent behavior of equity prices was difficult to explain satisfactorily, and potential movements in those prices posed risks on both sides of the most likely forecast: A future substantial increase would bolster wealth and spending, but a sharp decline also could not be ruled out--especially if, as seemed quite possible, added increases in prices were not supported by robust increases in profits. "]