In light of the strength of economic activity and recent indications of somewhat increased price pressures, the members focused particular attention on the outlook for inflation. They referred to statistical and anecdotal evidence that on the whole pointed to some recent acceleration of consumer prices and to some increase in near-term inflation expectations. Factors cited in this regard included large increases in prices of energy and intermediate materials, both of which appeared to be passing through at least in part to core consumer prices. Members referred to some limited inflationary impetus as well from the depreciation of the dollar and larger increases in labor compensation. Considerable uncertainty still surrounded the overall extent to which competitive pressures would allow producers to pass through rising costs to prices of finished goods; anecdotal reports suggested that the ability of many producers to do so was increasing but was far from universal at this point. With regard to the prospective course of inflation, members suggested that some of the rise in core inflation in recent months appeared to have resulted from what might well prove to be transitory factors, notably including increases in energy and other import prices, which were not seen as likely to persist and indeed might be partially reversed. Just how much slowing of price increases was likely after some relatively elevated readings was difficult to forecast. Those who anticipated a noticeable deceleration emphasized the contribution of the one-time price increases that had boosted inflation recently, persisting, albeit diminishing, margins of unemployed labor and other productive resources, the anticipation of strong further gains in productivity and declines in markups of goods prices over costs, and steady long-term inflation expectations. Others tended to emphasize the changes in business attitudes and expectations, the strength in labor compensation, and the tendency for underlying inflation trends to be subject to considerable momentum that was unlikely to be reversed quickly. Whatever their inflation forecasts, several noted that they now had less confidence in those forecasts than earlier. A number of members qualified their inflation outlook by noting that its realization likely would require an adjustment to monetary policy over time that brought the latter to a neutral stance as the economy continued to move toward full utilization of its resources.