The recent information on inflation was seen as disappointing. With the exception of the February report on consumer prices, readings on inflation had generally been elevated. Agricultural prices were rising at a substantial clip, partly in response to strong global demand, lean supplies, and a lower foreign exchange value of the dollar. Other commodity prices also were climbing rapidly, and crude oil prices were near record levels. Several participants stated that business contacts had emphasized that their input costs were rising and that they were seeking to pass on higher costs to their customers. Some participants, however, expressed the view that emerging economic slack would limit the extent to which firms could pass on their higher costs and could serve to damp inflation more generally. Moreover, available data and anecdotal reports suggested that unit labor costs were rising only modestly, and thus were seen as unlikely to exert significant upward pressure on prices. Weaker growth, both in the United States and abroad, should also contribute to a flattening of oil and other commodity prices over time, which would also reduce price pressures and the threat of rising inflation expectations. On balance, most participants still expected inflation to moderate later this year and in 2009. However, the recent depreciation of the dollar could boost import prices and thus contribute to higher inflation. Moreover, with both core and headline inflation having been somewhat elevated, participants expressed some concern that inflation expectations might become less firmly anchored. Indeed, some indicators suggested that inflation expectations had edged higher of late. In view of these considerations, significant uncertainty attended the near-term outlook for price pressures. On balance, however, participants emphasized that appropriate monetary policy, combined with effective communication of the Committee's commitment to price stability, would foster price stability over time.