continued to focus especially on the possibility that the anticipated moderation in the growth of aggregate demand, taking into account the outlook for rising foreign demand for U.S. goods and services, might not be sufficient to avoid added pressures on labor and other resources. To be sure, the economy's potential output appeared to be expanding briskly, with much of the impetus provided by accelerating productivity. Even so, the pool of unemployed workers willing to take a job had continued to be drawn down, and it seemed likely to many members that prospective growth in aggregate demand might generate increasing pressures on the economy's ability to produce goods and services and thus add to inflationary pressures over time. This concern was heightened by the prospect that a number of developments that had tended to contain inflation in the last few years were now reversing. Members mentioned in particular the likelihood that increases in labor compensation might be headed higher in lagged response to the pickup in consumer price inflation this year. Also likely adding to labor cost pressures were relatively large advances in the cost of health care benefits and the possibility of a higher minimum wage. Moreover, the turnaround in energy and import prices could tend to feed through more directly into the prices of U.S.-produced goods by raising costs and reducing competitive pressures to hold down prices. Strengthening demand around the world already seemed to be contributing to higher prices of materials and other nonlabor inputs in the production "pipeline." In general, however, the members anticipated that any pickup in inflation was likely to be gradual, with cost pressures quite possibly continuing to be held largely in check for some time by improving productivity trends. They recognized that forecasts of rising inflation had failed to materialize in recent years, raising questions about their understanding of the empirical specification of the relationships that currently underlie the inflation process. On balance, though, the unsustainable pace of economic expansion along with the reversal of factors that previously had held down overall price increases suggested a significant risk that inflation would strengthen over time given prevailing financial conditions.