The information reviewed at this meeting suggests that economic activity is continuing to expand despite weakness in the industrial sector. Total nonfarm payroll employment increased substantially in January after growing at a reduced pace on average in previous months; a surge in the service-producing sector and a weather-related rebound in construction were only partly offset by a large decline in the manufacturing sector. The civilian unemployment rate was unchanged at 5.3 percent. Partial data suggest that industrial production in January was appreciably below its average in the fourth quarter. Adjusted for inflation, strong gains in consumer spending on services in the fourth quarter offset declines in consumer purchases of goods, especially motor vehicles. Unusually cold weather depressed housing starts appreciably in December, and residential construction in the fourth quarter was little changed from its third-quarter level. Business capital spending, adjusted for inflation, declined in the fourth quarter as a result of lower expenditures on motor vehicles and strike activity in the aircraft industry; spending on other types of capital goods was strong, however, and new orders for equipment picked up toward the end of the year. The nominal U.S. merchandise trade deficit widened in October-November from the third-quarter rate. Consumer prices had risen somewhat more rapidly toward the end of 1989, and prices of food and energy apparently increased substantially further in January. The latest data on labor compensation suggest no significant change in prevailing trends. Interest rates have risen in intermediate- and long-term debt markets since the Committee meeting on December 18-19; in short-term markets, the federal funds rate has declined, and other short-term rates show mixed changes over the period. In foreign exchange markets, the trade-weighted value of the dollar in terms of the other G-10 currencies declined further over the intermeeting period; most of the depreciation was against the German mark and related European currencies, and there was little change against the yen. Growth of M2 slowed in January, almost entirely reflecting a drop in transaction deposits. Growth of M3 also slowed in January as assets of thrift institu tions and their associated funding needs apparently continued to contract. For the year 1989, M2 expanded at a rate a little below the middle of the Committee's annual range, and M3 grew at a rate slightly below the lower bound of its annual range.