In the Committee's discussion, members commented that the recent information bearing on the economic outlook was mixed. The latest reports on economic activity generally were disappointing, notably those relating to employment and production, but members noted that most of these reports covered developments occurring before the end of hostilities in Iraq. The successful prosecution of the war had served to reduce geopolitical uncertainties and in turn had helped to foster a marked strengthening of domestic financial markets, a sizable decline in oil prices, and an apparent upturn in consumer confidence. In this improved environment, members anticipated that near-term sluggishness in economic growth would give way to more vigorous expansion as the year progressed. In support of this expectation, it was noted that if the substantial gains in financial markets experienced recently persisted, experience indicated that a stronger economic performance generally would follow. Favorable factors in the outlook mentioned by members included an accommodative monetary policy, prospective legislation that would increase an already stimulative fiscal policy, and evidence of a persisting uptrend in productivity that provided enhanced investment opportunities and ongoing support for household incomes. Continued progress in lifting various constraints on economic growth, including the unwinding of excessive or misdirected capital expenditures undertaken in earlier years and the steps taken to address corporate governance and credit problems were also working to strengthen the expansion. Against that backdrop, it was noteworthy that many private-sector forecasters predicted a pronounced upturn in economic growth in the third quarter. Despite underlying factors that seemed increasingly conducive to an accelerating expansion, members noted that the timing and vigor of a pickup in economic activity remained uncertain, especially in the context of a persistently high degree of caution in the business community with regard to investment and hiring decisions. With the removal of key uncertainties associated with the Iraqi war, the information that would become available in the weeks ahead was expected to provide a clearer basis for assessing future trends in business spending and, more generally, the underlying strength of the economy. Members anticipated that inflation would remain at a low level for an extended period and indeed that the probability of further disinflation was higher than that of a pickup in inflation, given the current high levels of excess capacity in labor and product markets, which seemed likely to diminish only gradually.