[" Members expressed somewhat differing views regarding the stance of monetary policy that was likely to prove consistent with the Committee's objectives over time. In the view of some, private spending was not likely to have sufficient momentum to overcome the effects of increased fiscal restraint if the current stance of monetary policy were maintained. In the circumstances, an easing at some point would be needed to foster sustained economic growth at an acceptable pace and would be consistent with progress toward the System's price stability objective. For most of these members, however, the stronger-than-expected performance of the economy in the third quarter had reduced the urgency of such a policy move and had created enough uncertainties to justify a careful appraisal of unfolding developments before a decision was made to ease policy. In the view of one member, the probability of a shortfall from an acceptable rate of economic expansion was sufficiently high to require an immediate easing of policy. Other members believed that an unchanged policy was desirable under current conditions and that the direction and timing of the next policy move was more open to question. Not only were recent data giving an uncertain picture of the underlying strength of aggregate demand, but current forecasts generally did not point to progress toward the System's long-run goal of price stability. In this view, therefore, the current stance of monetary policy, even if slightly restrictive, was likely to be consistent with satisfactory economic growth over time and it would provide better assurance of consolidating gains against inflation and fostering some further moderation in price increases over coming years. With regard to potential fiscal policy developments, although an especially broad range of outcomes seemed possible, the members agreed that the Committee could not freeze its policy options while it awaited the outcome of a prolonged federal budget debate nor could it commit itself to a specific response to a particular fiscal policy agreement. Fiscal policy and any associated market reactions would be among the many factors that would have to be taken into account in the formulation of monetary policy. "]