Against the backdrop of slowing economic growth, core inflation had remained quiescent. Views regarding the outlook for inflation were somewhat mixed, though all the members agreed that the risks of higher inflation had diminished materially. Nonetheless, some members noted that while recent anecdotal reports pointed to a modest reduction in labor market strains in some areas and industries, labor markets in general were still very tight and likely would remain taut relative to historical experience. In such circumstances, if structural productivity growth leveled out, worker efforts to catch up to past increases in productivity could put pressures on labor compensation costs. The latter could well be augmented by sharply rising medical costs and by attempts to protect the purchasing power of wages from the erosion caused by the rise in energy prices. Further depreciation of the dollar in relation to major foreign currencies would add to import prices and domestic inflation pressures. But there were also a number of reasons for optimism about the outlook for consumer prices over coming quarters. Growth in economic activity at a pace somewhat below that of the economy's output potential would lessen pressures on labor and other resources from levels that had, in the past few years, been associated with at most a small uptick in core inflation. Indications that rapid growth in structural productivity would persist and widespread reports that strong competitive pressures in most markets continued to inhibit business efforts to increase prices in the face of rising costs also were favorable factors in the outlook. Further declines in oil prices, as evidenced by quotations in futures markets, would if realized have effects not only on so-called headline inflation but would help hold down core prices over time. Despite previous increases in headline inflation, survey and other measures of inflation expectations continued to suggest that long-run inflation expectations had not risen and might even have fallen a bit of late as the economy softened.