[" The Committee then turned to a discussion of the desirability of making an immediate announcement of today's policy decision. All the members favored prompt disclosure in principle, but some expressed reservations about announcing today's decision immediately after the meeting. These members preferred to consider a decision on announcements of policy actions in the context of a broad range of disclosure issues, some of which had yet to be fully explored. Some stressed that they remained concerned about the inhibiting effects of some types of disclosures on the Committee's deliberations, and one member emphasized that the Committee also needed to consider the implications of immediate announcements of changes in open market policy for the role of the discount rate. Several members commented that announcing a decision reached at this meeting, because it would come after a similar announcement following the most recent meeting in early February, would in effect set a precedent that would tend to limit the Committee's future options. A majority of the members concluded, however, that while the Committee was not making a formal, binding decision on this issue at this meeting, the Chairman would be authorized to release a short press statement regarding today's policy decision. A useful purpose would be served in reducing or eliminating potential misinterpretation of the Committee's policy decision and the related risk of overreactions in financial markets at a time of considerable uncertainty and volatility in those markets. The news of the Committee's action would be conveyed unambiguously to the entire public at once and not filtered through the financial markets' interpretation of open market operations. Moreover, the Committee would retain the option of specifying the exact contents and timing of future policy announcements, including intermeeting policy actions. Most of the members concluded that the advantages to the public of prompt release today outweighed the potential disadvantages. "]