[" In the discussion of the outlook for prices and wages, many of the members expressed concern about the potential for a pickup in inflation if, as they anticipated, margins of unemployed resources narrowed further or disappeared. The members acknowledged that broad measures of prices relating to final purchases and of wages currently did not suggest any increase in inflation. Indeed, in the view of at least some members, those measures still suggested on balance that the inflation trend had retained a downward tilt thus far. In this connection, some commented that the overall performance of the broad measures had been somewhat better in recent months than they had anticipated, especially given the very rapid expansion of the economy over the closing months of 1993 and the less than expected moderation thus far this year. Developments that had been exerting a favorable effect on prices included above-trend growth in productivity, relatively low prices in world oil markets, and strong competition in many markets from both domestic and foreign firms. Moreover, the strong rise in credit usage that often had accompanied intensified inflation pressures in the past had yet to materialize. To date, the pickup in price increases had been uneven and had tended to be concentrated in some regions or industries and in the early stages of the production process, and a number of members reported that they saw little change in inflation trends in their areas. Nonetheless, warning signs had emerged of the prospect of greater inflation, though perhaps not over the nearer term. These included increases in a wide range of commodity prices and anecdotal reports from various parts of the country suggesting a further rise in the number of business firms that were facing somewhat higher prices of materials and other purchases and in turn were able, often for the first time in recent years, to raise their selling prices. Price and wage pressures appeared to be especially pronounced in the construction industry, where capacity constraints had been encountered in many localities. Members also referred to the potential for higher prices in the food and energy sectors; low crop carryovers for some grains made food prices vulnerable to unfavorable growing conditions, should they materialize; oil prices currently were at relative lows but were likely to come under some upward pressures as world economic growth accelerated and if political developments led to disruptions in world supplies. More fundamentally, the relatively robust economic expansion over the second half of 1993 and the further advance in early 1994 appeared in the view of many members to have appreciably diminished the gap between actual and potential GDP and to have reduced the rate of unemployment to a level that could well be not far from the natural rate. If this assessment proved to be correct, further economic expansion at a pace above the economy's potential would bring more industries and the economy more generally to capacity production levels before very long and could well-generate growing inflation thereafter. "]